This past summer,
it was my privilege to attend
a large regional convention
in Stockholm, Sweden.
Brothers and sisters
from Sweden, Denmark,
Norway, Iceland,
Greenland, the Faeroe Islands,
and also the Swedish circuit in Finland
were present at this historic convention.
While this event was
a great spiritual boost  for the Witnesses,
some of you may know
that the majority of the local residents
do not believe in God.
Many consider themselves atheists.
But the conduct
and professionalism
of Jehovah’s people
made a great impact.
First, the branch offices were merged.
And the result was a new branch office
—Scandinavia branch.
We thought
that if all the brothers in Scandinavia
should benefit from this unity,
then we had to have
a convention in Stockholm.
Here we were allowed
to arrange a regional convention,
but one of enormous size.
Having 50,000 brothers
gathered together for three days
is the largest theocratic event
ever in Scandinavia.
So we began to look for a facility,
and we found Friends Arena.
I think we have had
a very good collaboration.
Many times I have thought:
“Wow, these people working for you
“as the organizers
of infrastructure, logistics, and so on,
we should work with them more often.”
The use of technology
has been the greatest challenge.
Obviously, with such a large project,
many details have to come together.
There are four languages
and three sign languages,
and all these have to be tied together
and work at the same time.
It has been a challenge, but we made it work.
All the experts argued
that it would be impossible
to have four languages at one arena.
Early in the morning,
families with children and strollers arrive.
Some elderly publishers
get up at 5:30 a.m. or 6:00 a.m.,
getting on the bus
to be here in good time.
Jehovah must be joyful
seeing all the people
appreciating the spiritual program
and all their efforts.
When the song started,
50,000 were in place here,
and it was our proof that all the hard work
in preparation was successful.
And actually,
I shed a tear of joy.
I did.
One of the managers at the arena said:
“You have to stand and listen to the song
“because you will never again hear
“a choir of 50,000 singing at the same time.
You just have to listen to it.”
First, I want to thank you
for how well it worked out.
Normally, at arrangements of this size,
we are using an event agency,
but you have done this for many years,
and you have done a fantastic job,
so it was not needed.
You have been very professional
and have knowledge of the business industry.
I have told the contact persons
I have been involved with
that they should start up an event agency
because it has worked out so smoothly.
I can warmly recommend
other cities to welcome you.
You have been very well-organized,
and we have not had to put much effort
into the arrangement.
It requires good organization
to get all things to fall into place.
Obviously,
having so many tourists in Stockholm
at the same time benefits the whole city.
I looked at the number of hotel bookings,
and there are not many rooms available.
There are many who can learn
from the work of the logistics,
of how to get 50,000 people
into the area at the same time.
That is something we can learn a lot from.
We met with the police this afternoon,
and they said that they have never seen
such a well-organized event, ever.
Seeing how everything has been successful,
that is a clear evidence of Jehovah’s help.
It is a great confirmation of one’s faith.
Here you really see faith in action.
Here you see the foundation
for a new and better world.